{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for sharing the UI example! This gives a great sense of the aesthetic and vibe you're aiming for. The image shows a futuristic, abstract runway with floating geometric shapes, a bold "Walking on Mars" title, and a minimalistic, high-contrast design. The tagline \'93SKP-S A \'97\'97 W2021 NEW ARRIVALS \'97\'97 LOOKBOOK\'94 suggests this is for a fashion brand or collection launch, possibly with a sci-fi or Martian theme. I\'92ll refine the Design Document to align with this inspiration while keeping your requirements for interactivity (3D runway, 360-degree model rotation, zoom, and detail inspection).\
\
Here\'92s the updated Design Document in Markdown format:\
\
---\
\
# Design Document: 3D Floating Fashion Runway Landing Page - "Walking on Mars"\
\
## 1. Overview\
### 1.1 Purpose\
- **What problem does this project solve?**  \
  To provide an interactive, engaging way for users to explore a virtual fashion runway, in a dynamic 3D environment, mimicking a real-world fashion show experience but in a new way, the runway floating in the air, there are 3-4 models walking on the runway.\
- **Who is the target audience?**  \
  Fashion-forward individuals, sci-fi enthusiasts, and brands aiming to promote collections with a futuristic, otherworldly twist.\
\
### 1.2 Scope\
- **High-level goals:**  \
  Build a single-page landing site with a 3D floating runway inspired by a Martian landscape, featuring 3-4 interactive models walking, with rotation, zoom, and detail inspection capabilities.  \
- **Out of scope:**  \
  Direct purchasing functionality or live-streaming features for version 1.\
\
## 2. Features\
- **Core Features:**  \
  - A floating 3D runway made of abstract, geometric shapes (inspired by the UI example).  \
  - 3-4 models walking in a loop, dressed in futuristic fashion.  \
  - 360-degree rotation of individual models using mouse/touch controls.  \
  - Zoom in/out to inspect clothing details (e.g., textures, stitching).  \
  - Clickable hotspots on models for pop-up details (e.g., \'93Martian-inspired reflective fabric\'94).  \
- **Stretch Goals:**  \
  - Subtle animations (e.g., floating dust particles to mimic Mars).  \
  - Interactive \'93Explore\'94 button to trigger a guided tour of the runway.\
\
## 3. User Interface (UI)\
- **Main Sections:**  \
  - **Runway View:** Full-screen 3D scene of a floating runway with abstract, fragmented geometric shapes (like in the UI example), with 3-4 models walking.  \
  - **Controls:** Minimal overlay UI (zoom slider, rotation prompt, detail pop-ups).  \
  - **Branding & Text:**  \
    - Top-left: Brand logo (e.g., the circular \'93S\'94 logo from the UI).  \
    - Center-left: Bold title \'93Walking on Mars\'94 in a futuristic font.  \
    - Bottom: Tagline \'93SKP-S A \'97\'97 W2021 NEW ARRIVALS \'97\'97 LOOKBOOK\'94.  \
    - Top-right: \'93Explore\'94 button with a sleek arrow (e.g., \'93EXPLORE \uc0\u8594 \'94).  \
- **Design Style:**  \
  High-contrast, minimalist, and futuristic\'97light gray background with dark gray runway elements, accented by glowing reds or oranges to evoke a Martian vibe.\
\
## 4. Technical Design\
### 4.1 Architecture\
- **Frontend:**  \
  - HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.  \
  - Three.js for 3D rendering of the floating runway and models.  \
- **3D Assets:**  \
  - Custom runway: Abstract geometric shapes (e.g., fragmented cubes, slabs) with a rough, rocky texture.  \
  - 3-4 animated models with walking cycles (e.g., sourced from Mixamo, customized in Blender).  \
  - Clothing textures: Futuristic designs (e.g., metallic fabrics, reflective surfaces).  \
- **Hosting:** Static site on Netlify or Vercel, with optimized assets for fast loading.\
\
### 4.2 Tools & Technologies\
- **Languages:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript (ES6).  \
- **Frameworks/Libraries:**  \
  - Three.js for 3D rendering.  \
  - GSAP for text animations (e.g., fading in \'93Walking on Mars\'94).  \
- **Tools:**  \
  - Blender for runway design and clothing textures.  \
  - Git for version control.  \
  - Vite for development and asset bundling.\
\
## 5. Milestones\
- **Phase 1:** Set up landing page and Three.js with a basic floating runway (geometric shapes) \'96 4 days.  \
- **Phase 2:** Add 3-4 walking models with rotation/zoom controls \'96 5 days.  \
- **Phase 3:** Implement hotspots, detail pop-ups, and UI text (e.g., \'93Walking on Mars\'94) \'96 3 days.  \
- **Phase 4:** Add final touches (e.g., Martian effects, text animations) and deploy \'96 2 days.\
\
## 6. Risks & Challenges\
- Ensuring the abstract runway design doesn\'92t overwhelm the models or distract users.  \
- Optimizing 3D rendering for smooth performance with multiple models on mobile devices.  \
- Creating or sourcing clothing designs that match the \'93Walking on Mars\'94 theme.\
\
## 7. Open Questions\
- Should the runway shapes animate slightly (e.g., subtle floating motion)?  \
- Do you want a specific Martian background (e.g., red desert, starry sky)?  \
- Are the models walking in a straight line or following a more dynamic path?  \
- Any specific fashion style for the clothing (e.g., space suits, avant-garde, cyberpunk)?\
}